EVERYONE TO THE MARCH
TWENTY SIXTH TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS MEETING
CANDICE BRIER, CHAIRPERSON
OF THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS IS
A NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL.
FIRST WE WILL HEAR FROM
PLANNING SERVICES REPRESENTED
TONIGHT BY CHARLIE COLLINS.
THEN THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME AND
ANNOUNCE WHEN 30 SECONDS ARE
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR
REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL ON
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE RAISED HAND FEATURE IF
YOU RING THROUGH THE WEB LINK
FOR PHONE ACCESS CALL EIGHT
SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE
FIVE TWO FOUR SEVEN AND ENTER
MEETING IDEE NINE THREE EIGHT
ONE SIX FOUR EIGHT ONE ZERO
ZERO SEVEN CITY STAFF WILL
SELECT CALLERS THAT HAVE RAISED
THEIR HAND USING THE LAST THREE
DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER OR
BY NAME OF AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEB LINK
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET
AREA AND MUTE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD.
WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL FIVE
AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE BOARD
WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN APPEAL
TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT ON A
TIMELY BASIS.
>> ROLL CALL KANDACE BREYER I
AM HERE TO GRANT I AM HERE DAVE
DEVADAS PADI LASKOWSKI I'M HERE
JULIE WETHERBEE HERE DREW
DENSON MIKE DANIEL JEREMIAH
ECKMANN CHRISTINA LUSSAC HERE
WE HAVE A QUORUM OF FIVE
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA.
DO WE HAVE ANY COMMENTS ON THE
AGENDA IF WE HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE AGENDA MOTION FROM
TODD THANK YOU SUPPORT SUPPORT
FROM PERIO IN FAVOR SAY AYE
OPPOSED MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF MINUTES WE HAVE MINUTES FROM
THE FEBRUARY TWENTY SIXTH
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE CBA MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY COMMENTS OR
CORRECTIONS TO THOSE MINUTES
RIGHT.
TO HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THOSE MINUTES.
THANK YOU JULIE SUPPORT YES.
FROM TAD FAVOR SAY AYE I
OPPOSED.
>> ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
FIRST WE HAVE PETITIONED CBA
TWENTY FIVE DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO
TWO TWO NINE ONE FIVE BOARDWALK
DRIVE CHARLIE
FOUR TO FIVE
BOARDWALK DRIVE JAMES JOHNSON
REPRESENTING PROPERTY OWNER IS
SEEKING A NINE FOOT VARIANCE
FROM TABLE FIVE POINT TWO FOUR
DASH THREE OTHER MIXED USE
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE ZONING DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS THE APPLICANT
IS REPLACING TWO EXISTING NON
NONCONFORMING SIGNS AND
INSTALLING TWO NEW SIGNS AT
TWENTY NINE FEET IN HEIGHT
MAXIMUM ALLOWABLE HEIGHT FOR
THE BUILDING AS TWENTY FEET AND
THE PROPERTY IS ON T SEE ONE
TRANSIT CORRIDOR DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE EAST SIDE OF BOARDWALK
DRIVE NORTH OF EAST EISENHAUER
PARKWAY IN THE BRYANT
PATTENGALE EAST NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE BUILDING WAS CONSTRUCTED IN
NINETEEN NINETY TWO AND IS
FOURTEEN THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED
AND FIFTY SQUARE FEET IN SIZE
TABLE FIVE POINT TWO FOUR DASH
THREE OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE ZONING DISTRICTS
PERMANENT SIGNS REQUIRES WALL
SIGNAGE TO BE IN THE LOWEST
TWENTY FEET OF THE BUILDING
WHEN INSTALLED ON A BUILDING
LESS THAN FORTY FIVE FEET IN
TOTAL HEIGHT THE SUBJECT
BUILDING IS APPROXIMATELY
THIRTY FEET IN OVERALL HEIGHT
THE APPLICANT REQUESTS A
VARIANCE TO INSTALL TWO WALL
SIGNS AT A MAXIMUM HEIGHT
OF TWENTY NINE FEET INSTEAD
OF THE REQUIRED TWENTY FEET.
HERE IS A ZONING MAP
HIGHLIGHTING THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY LOCATION MAP AERIAL
VIEW ZOOMED IN APPLICANT
SUBMITTED THIS GE'EZ MAP ALSO
HIGHLIGHTING THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY AND HERE ARE THE
APPLICANT SUBMITTED ELEVATION
AND SIGN PLANS SHOWING THE
EXISTING ON THE LEFT SIDE
OF THE SCREEN AND WITH MOCK
OF THE PROPOSED NEW SIGNAGE ON
THE RIGHT.
IT'S TWENTY FOUR TO THE BOTTOM
OF THE OF THE NEW SIGN AND
TWENTY NINE TO THE TOP AND HERE
IS THE SECOND SIGN THAT IS
BEING REQUESTED SAME SAME
HEIGHT HERE.
HERE ARE THE STAFF PROVIDED
PHOTOS ADJACENT PROPERTY HERE
AND THAT IS THE END OF THE
STAFF REPORT HERE.
THANK YOU CHARLIE.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR STAFF SO
CHARLIE, THIS IS SIMPLY PUTTING
THE NEW SIZE THE EXACT SPOT
WHERE THE EXISTING HOMES ARE
RIGHT?
THAT'S CORRECT.
MICHAEL.
THIS IS PUTTING PEOPLE TO WORK.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WHAT WHY ARE THEY EVEN HERE IS
AN THIS JUST A CONTINUATION ONE
SITE YOU SAY THE APPLICANT
SHOULDN'T SCREW IT UP AND NOW
THEY HAVE TO GET APPROVAL FOR A
NEW SITE UNDER A DIFFERENT
ORDINANCE.
BUT WHAT IF REALLY WE'RE JUST
ASKING TO HAVE A NEW SITE GO
WHERE THE OLD SIGN WAS EXACTLY
WHY ARE WE EVEN CONSIDER WHY
DON'T WE JUST CONTINUE WITH THE
EXCEPTION BEFORE I DON'T GET IT
RIGHT?
>> WHY ARE WE GOING THROUGH
THIS?
I MIGHT DEFER TO JOHN ON THIS
SO AND BUT IT'S IN TWENTY
TWENTY NINETEEN.
THE NEW SIGN ORDINANCE CAME
INTO EFFECT AND THESE SIGNS ARE
CURRENTLY NONCONFORMING AND
WHEN THEY COME DOWN THEY HAVE
TO COME IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
NEW ORDINANCE AND THE NEW
ORDINANCE.
>> STATE SCIENCE CAN'T BE
INSTALLED HIGHER THAN TWENTY
FEET.
THE ORDINANCE SPECIFICALLY SAY
THAT IF YOU HAVE AN OLD SAYING
YOU SIMPLY WANT TO RENEW IT,
REPLACE IT IN THE EXACT SAME
SPOT.
SO TO GO THROUGH THIS PROCESS
YEAH.
WHEN A NON CONFORMING SIGN IS
REPLACED OR TAKEN DOWN IN THE
NEW SIGNS PUT UP THE NEW
CONSTRUCTION NEW SIGN HAS TO
MEET TODAY'S ORDINANCE.
>> OK, I MEAN I'M
DISTINGUISHING BETWEEN A NEW
SIGN IT MUST MEET THE NEW
ORDINANCE VERSUS JUST
CONTINUATION GRANDFATHERING IN
IN A COLLOQUIAL EXPRESSION
OF AN OLD SIGN AND THERE'S NO
GRANDFATHER AT THE END OF THE
ORDINANCE.
WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU'RE
SAYING WHILE THE GRANDFATHERING
WOULD BE TO ALLOW THESE
EXISTING SIGNS TO STAY
INSTALLED AND CONTINUE BUT ONCE
YOU REMOVE THEM AND YOU START
WITH NEW SIGNAGE THAT HAS TO
MEET TODAY'S CURRENT STANDARDS.
>> SO WHAT IF THE G IN THE
AFTERLIFE AND THEY GO OUT THEY
BUY A NEW GIONATA, STICK THEM
ON THE SITE?
>> THEY COULD DO THAT BECAUSE
THAT WOULD BE BASIC MAINTENANCE
OF THE SIGN.
IT WOULDN'T EXCEED SEVENTY FIVE
PERCENT OF THE ESTIMATED COST
OF THE SITE.
ALL RIGHT.
OK, THANK YOU.
>> ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
STEPH?
ALL RIGHT.
>> IF THE PETITIONERS HERE IF
YOU COULD PLEASE COME FORWARD,
SIGN AND STATE YOUR NAME FOR
THE RECORD YOU'LL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES OR IF YOU'RE ACCESSING
REMOTELY
CALLER WITH THE LAST
FOUR ONE FIVE SEVEN FOUR ARE
YOU HERE FOR THE TWENTY NINE
FIFTEEN BOARDWALK HEARING
CALLER WITH THE LAST FOUR ONE
FIVE SEVEN FOUR CAN YOU HEAR ME
.
I THOUGHT I HAD SOMETHING
YOU'RE
HELLO.
>> THERE'S NO AUDIO.
NO THERE SIR ARE YOU HERE FOR
THE TWENTY NINE FIFTEEN
BOARDWALK DRIVE I DON'T THINK
THIS IS USER ERROR ON MY PART
BUT THESE THREE SHOULD PROMOTE
ANYTHING THAT CAN YOU HEAR
.
>> OH SIR ARE YOU HERE YOU HEAR
ABOUT THE TWENTY EIGHTEEN
BOARDWALK DOCTORA
I'M NOT SURE
WHAT TO DO WITH THIS BECAUSE
IT'S NOT THE FUNCTIONS THAT
WORKING SO.
>> ALL RIGHT WELL WE CAN MOVE
THIS TO THE END OF IT.
WE CAN MOVE IT TO THE END
OF THE AGENDA AND MOVE ON AND
SEE IF WE CAN GET THIS WORKING
WHILE WE WAIT BECAUSE IF NOT
THERE'S NOT ANYONE HERE FROM IT
APPEARS THERE'S NOT ANYONE HERE
FOR THIS PETITION.
>> YOU KNOW THAT PERSON ONLINE
IS THIS HAPPENED LAST
.
SO I'M KIND OF WAITING TO THE
END OF THE MEETING BECAUSE
WE'RE HERE.
BUT DOES THIS MEAN WE'RE IT'S
AUTOMATIC?
NO.
OR IS IT JUST CONSIDERED
ABANDONED AT THIS POINT?
>> I'M INCLINED TO NOSIER AT
THIS POINT I'M INCLINED TO DENY
IT IF THERE'S NOT ANYONE HERE
THEY'RE OBVIOUSLY NOT THAT
EXCITED ABOUT SO WELL, I GUESS
I'LL ENTERTAIN A MOTION TO MOVE
THIS TO THE END OF THE PUBLIC
HEARINGS SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU TO THANK YOU DAVE.
ALL IN FAVOR SAY AYE.
AYE I OPPOSED.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL COME BACK TO THIS ONE AND
WE WILL MOVE ON TO PETITION
ZIBA TWENTY FIVE DASH ZERO ZERO
ZERO SIX THREE SEVEN FIVE FIVE
WASHTENAW AVENUE CHARLIE OLIVER
TWO FIVE EXCUSE ME ZIBA TWO
FIVE ZERO ZERO SIX THREE SEVEN
FIVE FIVE WASHINGTON AVENUE
PATRICK STIEBER REPRESENTING
PROPERTY OWNER IS SEEKING A
SEVEN FOOT VARIANCE FROM TABLE
FIVE POINT TWO FOUR DASH THREE
OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE ZONING DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS THE APPLICANT
IS INSTALLING A NEW SIGN THAT
WILL BE TWENTY SEVEN FEET IN
HEIGHT THE MAXIMUM ALLOWABLE
HEIGHT FOR THE BUILDING IS
TWENTY FEET.
THE PROPERTY IS ON T ONE
TRANSIT CORRIDOR DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE NORTH SIDE OF WASHINGTON
AVENUE BETWEEN CHALMERS DRIVE
AND US TWENTY THREE THE
PROPERTY IS IN THE URBAN LAND
SHOPPING CENTER.
ACCORDING TO CITY ASSESSOR'S
RECORDS, THE BUILDING WAS
ERECTED IN THE EARLY 1960S
PRIOR TO SITE PLANNING
APPROVALS TABLE FIVE POINT TWO
FOUR DASH THREE OTHER MIXED USE
AND NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE ZONING DISTRICTS.
PERMANENT SIGNS REQUIRE WALL
SIGNS TO BE IN THE LOWEST 20
FEET OF THE BUILDING WHEN
INSTALLED ON A BUILDING LESS
THAN FORTY FIVE FEET IN TOTAL
HEIGHT SUBJECT BUILDING IS
APPROXIMATELY THIRTY ONE FEET
IN OVERALL HEIGHT THE APPLICANT
REQUESTS A VARIANCE TO INSTALL
A WALL SUN AT A MAXIMUM HEIGHT
OF TWENTY SEVEN FEET INSTEAD
OF THE REQUIRED TWENTY FEET.
>> HERE IS THE ZONING MAP
HIGHLIGHTING THE URBAN LAND
SHOPPING CENTER.
HERE IS AN AERIAL LOCATION
VIEW.
YOU SEE MY MOUSE?
THIS IS THE STOREFRONT WHERE
THE WALL SIGN IS BEING PROPOSED
ZOOMED IN HERE YOU LOOK MY
MOUSE AGAIN.
>> IT IS THIS BUILDING HERE.
THIS IS AN APPLICANT SUBMITTED
AERIAL PHOTO AND HERE THE
APPLICANT SUBMITTED PLANS HERE
IS SHOWING THE DIMENSIONS
OF THE PROPOSED SIGN AT ITS
LOWEST TWENTY FOUR FEET AND AT
ITS HIGHEST TWENTY SEVEN FEET
AND HERE ARE STAFF PROVIDED
PHOTOS
ADJACENT FRONT AND OTHER
STORE FRONTS IN THE URBAN
SHOPPING CENTER.
THAT'S ALL THANK YOU, CHARLIE.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR STAFF?
>> CHARLIE, THIS IS RIGHT.
THIS IS JUST AS YOU'RE FACING
THE STOREFRONTS JUST TO THE
LEFT OF OFFICEMAX, CORRECT?
THAT'S CORRECT.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR STAFF?
YEAH, THERE ARE OTHER SIGNS
THAT YOU SHOWED.
WHERE ARE THE SIGNS ON THOSE
BUILDINGS?
ARE THOSE WITHIN THE TWENTY
FEET?
>> YEAH, I I BELIEVE THOSE
SIGNS WERE ERECTED PRIOR TO THE
TWENTY NINETEEN SIGN ORDINANCE
THAT JOHN REFERENCED IN THE
PREVIOUS CASE AND THAT IS WHY
SKETCHERS IS APPLYING FOR THIS
VARIANCE BECAUSE OF OF THAT
BECAUSE OF THOSE OTHER SIGNS
WERE BEFORE TWENTY NINETEEN
THEY'RE EXEMPT FROM NEW
ORDINANCE NOW OK RECENTLY THERE
WERE A COUPLE APPLICATIONS DO
YOU RECALL THAT.
>> YES IT WAS MARSHALS' AND I
CAN'T REMEMBER I WAS JUST
WONDERING IF THEY HAD INSTALLED
THEIR SIGNAGE YET BUT IT WAS
YEAH.
ON THE MAIN FACADE I MEAN
OF THE MAIN BUILDING FOR IT
IT'S WORTH I WAS JUST CURIOUS
IF THOSE HAD BEEN INSTALLED
JUST FOR REPAIRS.
DO CALLED JANOSCH THEY HAD TO
GET BEARINGS AS WELL.
>> YEAH THEY DID BOTH HAS HARD
NAILS BOTH APPROVED ONE ONE AND
ONE WAS NOT OH OK.
THE ONE THAT WAS APPROVED WAS
IT INSTALLED.
I BELIEVE IT HAS BEEN OK.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR STAN.
>> RIGHT IF THE PETITIONER IS
HERE PLEASE COME FORWARD SIGN
IN STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE
RECORD.
WOW.
TWO IN A ROW UH
MR. FIELDS JIM
FIELDS IF YOU'RE THERE YOU CAN
GO AHEAD AND SPEAK
JIM FIELDS,
CAN YOU HEAR US GOT JIM FIELDS
ALLIED SCIENCE THERE'S THERE'S
NO AUDIO IN YOUR RESUME STREAM
SO I CAN'T HEAR ANY OF THE ANY
OF THE CONVERSATIONS IN EITHER
THE CALL IN OR BY THE ZOOMLION.
>> SO I'M ASSUMING THAT YOU
WANT ME TO SAY SOMETHING.
>> YEAH.
COME HERE NOW.
YEAH.
AND I CAN FINALLY HEAR SOMEBODY
WHERE ARE WE AT WITH THIS.
>> THERE'S BEEN NO AUDIO FOR
FOR ME YOU'RE GO AHEAD GO AHEAD
AND MAKE YOUR PRESENTATION.
>> YES.
YOU'LL HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
GOOD EVENING.
YEAH THE THE THE REASON WE'RE
HERE IS TO GET THE HEIGHT
INCREASE FOR THE LOCATION
OF THE SKETCH YOU'RE SAYING YOU
CAN SEE FROM THE NEIGHBORING
BUILDINGS AND THE ADDITIONAL
SIGNAGE WITH SOME OF THE OTHER
TENANTS AND THE SIZE AND THE
LOCATION OF THE WAY THE
BUILDING SETS BACK OFF THE
HIGHWAY STAYING BELOW THAT
THRESHOLD REALLY PUTS THAT DOWN
WITH THE VISIBILITY IS SO MUCH
LOWER YOU CAN SEE LIKE IN D.W.
GARDNER WIDE WHERE THE AREAS
ARE ARE UP AND ABOVE WITH THE
SKETCHES BELOW 20 FEET IN THE
LOCATION BEING SIX SIXTY FEET
BACK OFF THE ROAD.
I MEAN THE PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY
IS GOING TO BE IN THE STORE
FRONT OF THE LOCATION AND THE
LACK OF IDENTIFICATION.
HOW FAR THAT IS BACK.
I KNOW WE'VE SEEN THIS A LOT IN
SOME OF THESE LOCATIONS AND THE
COMMERCIAL APPLICATIONS DOWN
THERE WITH THE TWENTY FOOT CAP.
I THINK SOME OF THE RECENT ONES
THAT WE'VE BEEN INVOLVED WITH
WERE LIKE THE BURLINGTON THAT
WAS LOCATED WHERE 20 PUT THAT
ALMOST DOWN ON THE CANOPY.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
>> ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITION FOR ONE GO OVER TO I'M
SORRY IF YOU HAD A MEETING WITH
THE 24 REQUIRE THE SAME MUST
STILL BE A THE THREE WINDOW
AREAS IS THAT CORRECT?
>>
IN YOUR AUDIO'S REALLY
BATTERED.
OK, WE CAN HEAR CAN HEAR ME NOW
SIR.
OK WAS THERE A QUESTION TO ME
ON THAT?
>> LET ME REPHRASE THAT SIMPLY
IF THE SAME ROOM TO STAY WITHIN
TWENTY FEET WHERE WOULD IT GO
IN THE BUILDING IN THE MAX SIZE
I MEAN THE OVERALL HEIGHT
OF THAT FACES AT THIRTY ONE AND
TWENTY FOUR FEET TO THE BOTTOM
PUTS IT ABOVE THE THE LOWER
ROOF LINE TO FALL ABOVE THAT
SOLDIER COURSE.
>> DOES THE SIGN FIT IF IT HAS
TO MEET THAT TWENTY FEET
REQUIREMENT ANSWER I'M GOING TO
HAVE TO CALL AND I'M GETTING
NOTHING BUT FEEDBACK FROM THE
YOU AND BECAUSE YOU KNOW I AND
I I I'LL TRY TO CALL AND I
FOUND THIS YOUR MIKE SOUND LIKE
THREE STATES MICROPHONES JUST
REPEATING BACK SORRY
MOTORBOATING KNOW.
>> ALL RIGHT WELL WE WERE THE
IMPORTANT PERSON TO DO IT.
I MEAN IF YOU DID DO THAT'S ONE
THING BUT I'M GOING TO TRY TO
CALL IT'S OK.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE GOOD LOCAL
PEOPLE PUT THIS GREAT
WAS I
TALKED WITH
JUST ONE EXAMPLE I
JOINED FROM A FIVE SEVEN FOUR.
>> DOES HE CARE AND WE CAN
STILL HEAR YOU.
>> CAN YOU HEAR US?
I CAN HEAR YOU
BETTER ON THE
PHONE I YEAH AND JUST GETTING
FEEDBACK OFF MY LAWN LET ME LET
ME MUTE MY OTHER OK TODD DID
YOU WANT TO ASK YOUR QUESTION
AGAIN.
>> OK SINCE THE QUESTION AND MY
QUESTION TO YOU SIR IS IF YOU
HAD TO COMPLY WITH A 20 FOOT
MAXIMUM HEIGHT YOU WOULD STILL
BE ABLE TO PUT THE SKETCHERS
SIGN ABOVE THE THREE WINDOW
WINDOW ENTRANCES.
CORRECT, BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE
THE LOWER LEVEL OF THAT IS
FOURTEEN.
IT'S ONLY GOING TO PUT IT ABOUT
TWO FEET ABOVE THAT BORDERLINE
WHICH REALLY THROWS OFF THE THE
LOOK OF THE FASCIA.
>> I MEAN IF YOU GO BACK
THROUGH THE REST OF THE TENANTS
YOU CAN KIND OF SEE WHERE THE
LOCATION FOR THE SIGNAGE IS UP.
THE OTHER THING THAT THAT DOES
ON THE INSIDE THE WALL IT
BRINGS ALL THE PENETRATIONS
FORWARD AND FASTENING AND THE
ELECTRICAL IS NOW GOING TO BE
EXPOSED BELOW THE DROP CEILING
AREA AND INSTEAD OF UP IN THE
SERVICE OF THE AREA WHERE
TYPICALLY IT SHOULD BE AND A
LOT FOR IN THE BUILD.
OK, THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
ALL RIGHT.
>> THANK YOU.
IF THERE ARE ANY MEMBERS OF THE
PUBLIC WHO WISH TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION NOW IS YOUR
CHANCE IF YOU ARE HERE IN
PERSON, PLEASE COME FORWARD.
IF YOU'RE ACCESSING THE MEETING
REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE
I USE THE RAISED HAND BUTTON
THE THERE'S NO THANK YOU JOHN
WITHOUT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE'RE IN DISCUSSION
DAVE, YOU HAD YOUR OFFICE FAX
YOU IS THERE THAT WE'RE GOING
TO IT LOOKS LIKE
JOHN AND I
TOOK THESE PHOTOS DAVE.
I CAN'T SAY FOR CERTAIN THAT
THAT'S WITHIN THE TWENTY FEET
.
BUT IF I HAD TO MAKE AN
EDUCATED GUESS, I THINK IF IT'S
NOT IT APPEARS TO BE PRETTY
CLOSE.
>> YEAH,
ARE YOU DOING
UNCONFERENCE?
>> I'M CONTEMPLATING SOME OTHER
COMMENTS.
YEAH.
I'M A LITTLE ON THE FENCE WITH
THIS THE SAME THE SIGNAGE ANN
ARBOR LAND IS AT DIFFERENT
LEVELS.
>> NO, THERE'S NO UNIFORMITY.
>> SAME THING I WOULD KNOW THAT
WHEN YOU'RE BUSY TRYING TO
SURVIVE SOME NO TRAFFIC NO ONE
IS LOOKING INTO OUR LEGAL
STORIES.
>> YOU KNOW, JOHN, THIS
FEEDBACK IS REALLY ANNOYING.
>> I KNOW IT IT'S I BELIEVE
EVERYBODY NOBODY NOBODY'S
LOOKING TO SEE WHERE A STORY IS
WHEN YOU'RE ON GLASS YOU ASKED
TO HAVE A PULL IN AND THEN YOU
CAN SEE ALL THE SIGNAGE THERE
ALSO BACK.
SO I DON'T BUY THE ARGUMENT
THAT BECAUSE IT'S SET BACK A
LOT MORE FROM WASHTENAW YOU
NEED A BIG SIGN AND THE SIGNS
ARE ALSO AT DIFFERENT LEVELS
OF THE STORES.
HOWEVER, THE APPLICANT SAID
THAT IF THEY WERE FORCED TO PUT
THE SIGN LOWER THEY WOULD
EXPOSE SOME OF THE SUPPORT
SYSTEM FOR THE SIGN TO THE
ELEMENTS I THINK IS WHAT I
HEARD HIM SAYING AND I'M
CONCERNED ABOUT THAT.
SO ON THAT BASIS BECAUSE I
THINK MAINTENANCE IS IMPORTANT
THEY WANT THINGS TO RUST ON
BALANCE.
I WOULD APPROVE THIS AT A
HIGHER LEVEL BECAUSE THE
MAINTENANCE ISSUE OTHERWISE I
WOULD NOT
ANY OTHER COMMENTS.
BASICALLY I JUST WANT TO SAY
I'M INCLINED TO VOTE AGAINST
THIS THE THEY'RE PUTTING IT AT
THE HEIGHT THE HIGHEST THEY CAN
PRODUCTION REMEMBER LEVEL
OF BUT CAN BE HERE THIS ONE
THIS CAN KEEP OWNER OCCUPIED.
YES.
HE'S PRETTY THEY'RE PRETTY
DECENT AT THE HIGHEST PART
THEIR AREA THEY'RE IN THAT AREA
WE'VE COME DOWN BOLLWORM IT'S
BEING ONE AREA SMALLER PLACE
I'VE ALREADY OFFERED SIDE TO
THE BUSINESS AND THE BUSINESS
IS AT A LOWER ON THE COST SIDE
EVEN FOR THAT RIGHT THAT THE
LOWER RIGHT I KNOW CARD IS THE
DOOR ARE REALLY INVOLVED.
THEY'RE ALL QUITE DIFFERENT
BECAUSE THEY CREATED THE
INSTALLATIONS CREATED OUR CASE
BICYCLERS BUT IT'S JUST CLEAR
TO ME THE MINIMUM NEEDED TO PUT
THAT ASIDE.
I THINK IT COULD COME DOWN
LOWER SO OK OR IS IT WE GO
AGAINST THE WILL THEY COME BACK
WITH A LOWER OR AT THEY COULD
COME BACK IF THEY MODIFY THE SO
THEY ADJUSTED AHEAD OF THE
SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY LEVEL.
BUT IF WE WANTED ENGINES THAT
ARE MORE HYPOTHETICALLY JUST I
THINK THE OTHER TIME EVERYBODY
IS THE TOP FUTURE IS THERE AND
THE STAFF IS INVOLVED WITH THIS
IS A GREAT THE I MEAN IS THERE
IN THE MIDDLE THE ACTUALLY BUT
ALSO AS OPPOSED TO BE RIGHT
OF THE SOFFIT ON THAT THE THE
DESIGN WOULD BE SLIGHTLY RIGHT
IT'S TO ME IT WOULD LOOK WEIRD
IF IT WAS LOWER GRADE
OCCASIONALLY BUT YEAH WE HAD A
SIMILAR APPLICATION LAST MONTH
WHERE IT JUST MADE MOST SENSE
FOR THE SCIENCE TO FIT WITHIN
THE HORIZONTAL BANDS.
RIGHT.
IT WAS HARD TO TELL FROM THAT
ONE PHOTOGRAPH BECAUSE IF THEY
DROPPED IT LOWER THEN IT WOULD
OVERLAP IN AN AWKWARD POSITION.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT THE
APPLICANT IS TRYING TO GET TO
HEAR BECAUSE IF HE HAD IF HE
PROPOSED TO PLACE IT ABOVE THAT
FIRST PRECAST LAYER RIGHT ABOVE
THE OPENINGS, I DON'T THINK
THAT THERE'S ENOUGH VERTICAL TO
MISS THAT OTHER HORIZONTAL
SOLDIER.
OF COURSE THERE THAT'S ANOTHER
SHADE OF BEIGE THERE AND THEN
I'M A LITTLE CONFUSED AT THE
SECTION THAT WAS PART OF THE
APPLICATION BECAUSE IT SHOWS
LIKE A SLOPED PROFILE IN NAVY
BLUE BUT IT'S NOT NOTED IN THE
SIGN DETAIL DRAWING WHAT IT IS.
SO I WAS WONDERING BUT WHEN YOU
LOOK THE PHOTO IT SEEMS LIKE
EVERYTHING IS FAIRLY IN THE
SAME PLANE.
IT IS THE SAME ONE.
OH THINKS THAT THE SECTION IS
JUST THE CROSS SECTION KNOWING
THE COLOR BLUE IS HALF OF YOU
KNOW JUST SHOWING YOU THAT THE
SIDES LETTERS ARE ACTUALLY BLUE
WITH WHITE FACES.
>> OH I SEE.
OH I THINK OK THANK YOU.
THANKS FOR CLARIFYING THAT AND
YOU'RE CORRECT ON THE SOLDIER
OF COURSE OK SO THE SKETCHERS
WOULD OVERLAP THAT SOLDIER
OF COURSE IF YOU WRITE IT DOWN
WRITE IT BECAUSE YOU'RE AT 14
FEET TO THE TO THE HEIGHT
OF THE THE ENTRY WAYS FOR THE
GLASS AND BY THE TIME YOU ADD
THE OTHER THREE AND A HALF FOUR
FOOT OF THE ARCHITECTURAL WHITE
PIECE THAT PUTS YOU AT
SEVENTEEN IN THOSE LETTERS
HIGHER WHICH WOULD PUT THEM
OVER HEIGHT IF THEY RESTED
RIGHT.
THE WHITE SO IF YOU BROUGHT
THEM UP I MEAN VISUALLY THEY
WOULD MAKE THE MOST SENSE TO DO
THE SKETCH ARE CENTERED ON THAT
SOLDIER OF COURSE AND THAT
WOULD PUT YOU AT PROBABLY ABOUT
TWENTY FEET TO THE TO THE
BOTTOM OF THE LETTERS WE WOULD
ACTUALLY BRING THAT DOWN ABOUT
FOUR FEET TO BRING THE
SKETCHERS IN LINE THAT SOLDIER
CAUSE OTHERWISE YOU TWO TO MEET
THE 20 FOOT MAX HEIGHT YOU'RE
GOING TO BE DOWN INTO ON TOP
OF A WHITE IN THIS LETTER IT'S
TOO WHITE TO GO ON EITHER ONE
OF THE SIDES.
>> YES, I THINK I'LL BE IN
SUPPORT OF THIS PROJECT OF THIS
PROPOSAL BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE
THE FASCIAS THERE TO RECEIVE
THIS SCALE OF SIGNAGE AND THIS
IS SUCH A I MEAN ON THE SCALE
IS SO GINORMOUS.
THE PARKING LOT IS IS EXPANSIVE
.
IT'S HUGE.
RIGHT.
I DO FEEL LIKE WHEN PEOPLE
DRIVE BY WASHTENAW THAT THEY
ARE LOOKING FOR THIS LOCATING
SIGN MAYBE NOT EVERYBODY BUT IT
CERTAINLY HELPS.
IT'S JUST A SUPER BUSY CORRIDOR
AND SO I COULD SEE THE VALUE
OF OF PLACING THE LETTERS ABOVE
THAT SOLDIER OF COURSE I MEAN
THAT
THAT'S WHAT THIS ELEMENT
IS ARCHITECTURAL ELEMENT I
THINK WAS DESIGNED TO DO IS TO
TAKE ON SIGNAGE.
SO I'LL I'LL BE IN SUPPORT
OF THE PROJECT.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION?
I JUST WANT TO RESPOND TO THAT
HE'S BUILDING ALL THESE
BUILDINGS ARE NOT REALLY
VISIBLE FROM WASHIO.
I NEEDED THAT POTBELLY ALL THE
TIME I HAD THIS SHOP AT THE
KROGER'S IN ARNHEM LAND.
THE SIGNS ARE NOT REALLY NEEDED
UNTIL YOU GET INTO TO SEE WHICH
STOREFRONT YOU'RE GOING TO PARK
IN FRONT.
SO IN TERMS OF PEOPLE DRIVING
BY AND WATCHING ON THIS SIDE IS
INVISIBLE TO THEM NO MATTER
WHERE UNLESS YOU PUT IT AS HIGH
AS THAT ARTILLERY PIECE WHICH
HAS THE CLOCK THE TIME OF THE
TEMPERATURE ON THIS MATERIAL, I
DON'T THINK ONCE YOU'RE IN
THERE YOU'RE GOING TO SEE THE
SIGN EVEN SLOWER.
AND I I JUST THINK, YOU KNOW,
ONE OF OUR STANDARDS IS TO ASK
FOR THE MINIMUM THAT YOU NEED
TO DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO, NOT
THE MAXIMUM THAT YOU CAN GET
AWAY WITH.
AND YOU KNOW, FOR THAT REASON I
BELIEVE THEY COULD PUT THAT
SIDE LOWER.
THEY MIGHT STILL NEED A
VARIANCE.
I'M NOT SURE BUT THEY CERTAINLY
DON'T NEED THE NEED FOR PARENTS
PAY FOR THE SERVICE.
DO YOU THINK THERE IS SOME
VALUE FOR THAT RIVER, THAT SIDE
OF PARTY?
THERE IS A LINE OF TREES THAT
WOULD NEED TO BE PUT ASIDE.
AND SO IN MY MIND IF YOU RAISE
THE SIGN UP YOU COULD THEN SEE
OVERFLIGHTS SUBSET OF TREES
WHITE OR ANY OTHER SIDE OF THE
PARKING LOT BECAUSE THE PARKING
LOT ETHNOLOGIST IS EXPENSIVE
.
I AM STRUGGLING WITH THIS
BECAUSE I CAN SEE BOTH SIDES.
I AGREE THAT THESE BUILDINGS
BEING EXISTING BUILDINGS I
THINK WERE DESIGNED TO HAVE THE
SIGNS IN THE PLACES WHERE THEY
EXIST ON MANY OF THE EXISTING
ESTABLISHMENT AND WHERE IT'S
BEING PROPOSED ON THIS ONE.
DO I THINK IT MIGHT LOOK A
LITTLE BIT ODD TO BRING IT
LOWER PERHAPS THAT SAID, I
DON'T KNOW THAT THERE'S A REAL
HARDSHIP IN THIS OTHER THAN
THEY WANT TO SIGN HIGHER FOR
VISIBILITY PURPOSES THEM HAVING
A LOWER SIGN THEY COULD STILL
HAVE A SIGN
AND UNLIKE SOME
OF THE OTHER APPLICATIONS THAT
WE'VE SEEN WHERE A LOWER SIGN
WITH THOSE DOORS OR SOME KIND
OF PROJECT ARCHITECTURAL
FEATURE IN THIS CASE.
YEAH, THAT'S FINE WITH ALL
OF THAT AS WELL BECAUSE
POTENTIALLY BUT I THINK IT'S
ALL THE SAME.
I THINK THERE'S ANYTHING YOU
KNOW I DON'T THINK THERE'S
ANYTHING STRUCTURALLY THAT'S
DIFFERENT.
I THINK IT'S A RELATIVELY FLAT
SPACE SO YEAH, I STILL WHEN YOU
PULL INTO ABELARDO THE
SKETCHERS BUILDING IS JUST
NORTH OF OFFICEMAX AND
OFFICEMAX IS JUST NORTH
OF POTBELLY AND ALL THREE
OF THESE DOORS ARE TO YOUR
RIGHT.
SO AS YOU PULL IN AND THEN
THERE'S A STOP SIGN TO YOUR
LEFT IS STARBUCKS AND SOME
OTHER STORES.
SO THESE STORES ARE VERY
VISIBLE.
THEY'RE THE VERY FIRST OR AS
YOU SEE IT AFTER LAND FAR IN
THE DISTANCE TO THE NORTH ARE
MARTIAL'S AND HOME-MADE AND
VALLEY AND ALL THOSE OTHER
STORES AND THEY ARE PARTIALLY
BLOCKED BY THE TREES AND I
POINT IN SAYING THIS IS THAT
OFFICEMAX IN THE SKETCHERS
STORE DON'T HAVE THE SAME
VISIBILITY PROBLEM AFTER ONES
DO AND THE LARGE ROW OF STORES
TO THE NORTH OF OUR LAND.
WHY SO VISIBILITY REALLY
WOULDN'T BE HURT BY SMALLER
LETTERS.
POTBELLY HAS ITTY BITTY LETTERS
OR A COLLEAGUE DAVID VAHEDI
MANAGES TO EAT THERE ON A
REGULAR BASIS AND NOT GET LOST.
>> SO I DON'T THINK IT'S GOING
TO IMPACT THE FLOW OF FOOT
TRAFFIC OR CAR TRAFFIC TO
SKETCHERS.
THEY DID HAVE A SMALL SIDE AND
I DO LIKE DAVE'S COMMENT THAT
THIS IS THE MAXIMUM THEY CAN DO
BUT THEY COULD VERY WELL COMPLY
WITH THE ORDINANCE I THINK BY
LOWERING THE LETTERS AND HAVING
SMALLER LETTERS AND IT WOULD
NOT IMPACT THE VISIBILITY
OF THE STORE.
AND AGAIN, MY GENERAL COMMENT
WERE IN THE 21ST CENTURY AND IF
YOU WANT TO SKETCHERS YOU GO TO
YOUR YOUR GOOGLE MAPS OR SOME
OTHER PLACE YOU ALREADY KNOW
WHERE THE PLACE IS.
YOU'RE NOT JUST HEADING DOWN
ARBIL AND ON SORT OF A LARK I
HAVE A SHOPPING URGE.
>> I GOT TO BUY SOMETHING TODAY
PEOPLE ALREADY KNOW WHERE THE
STORY IS.
THEY DON'T NEED TO SIGN EXCEPT
TO LOCATE ONCE YOU'RE THERE AND
THAT IS ABOUT IS NOT GOING TO
BE A PROBLEM.
PEOPLE DON'T DRIVE BY AND
SUDDENLY GET AN IMPULSE BUY THE
ZIP ENOUGH IN ORDER TO BUY A
SKETCHER THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN.
SO I THINK ON BALANCE AND I'M
GOING TO VOTE AGAINST THIS ONE
BECAUSE AS DAVE NOTED, THEY'RE
TRYING TO MAX OUT WHAT THEY CAN
GET AND I THINK THEY CAN COME
BACK MAYBE THEY NEED A VARIANCE
BUT THEY CAN DO SMALLER LETTERS
AND IT WON'T NEGATIVELY IMPACT
THE BUSINESS.
JULIE?
>> YEAH, I THINK I AM GOING TO
VOTE FOR THIS IN PART BECAUSE I
IT DOES LOOK LIKE IT CONFORMS
TO THE EXISTING METRIC 40
PERCENT OF THE EXISTING SPOT.
I DO SEE THAT OFFICE THAT AS
ONE SIDE AS WELL BUT THEN
OFFLINE THAT'S QUITE HIGH ON
THE OTHER SIDE AND I DO THE
FORM OF THE SPACE IS JUST A
GIANT PARKING LOT AND I THINK
UNLIKE IN AN ENCLOSED MALL
WHERE YOUR IN IT AND THEN YOU
WALK AROUND AND SEE THE OTHER
SIDE THIS IS VERY CONCENTRATED
UNDER ON THAT.
I DON'T LOVE THAT BUT THAT'S
WHAT IT IS AND I FEEL LIKE
HAVING THE SIDE I MEAN IT WOULD
DRAW TO I IF YOU'RE AT ALL DAY
AND THERE'S SEVERAL ENTRANCES
TO THE PARKING LOT AND IT JUST
SEEMS LIKE A REASONABLE PLACE
TO PUT IT, THEY'RE NOT ASKING
TO PUT LIKE THE OFFICEMAX THE
OTHER SIDE OF OFFICEMAX BUT
THERE'S THINK AND THEY'RE GOING
TO DO MAKE SKETCHES AND THIS IS
SORT OF THE SPOT WHERE A SIGN
WOULD GO IN AND IT IT MAKES
SENSE AND WE'RE NOT WE'RE NOT
GIVING THEM MORE SOMETHING
ENORMOUS THAT IS OUT OF SCALE
THIS BUILDING LIKE THERE'S A
FACADE.
THE SIGN IS IT LOOKS LIKE IT'S
SUPPOSED TO GO IN ACCESS
OF THAT SITE AND THAT'S WHAT
I'M READY TO MAKE TO TAKE IT.
ZIBA TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO
TO TWENTY NINE FIFTEEN
BOARDWALK ONCE I GOT THAT IDEA
TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO SIX
FIFTY FIVE WHAT HAVE THE ZONING
BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS
OF AREAS OF SEVEN FEET TO ALLOW
WOLLERSHEIM TO BE SOLVED TO
HIRE FROM SEVENTY FIVE POINT
FIVE FOR THREE CABLE AND OTHER
NOT THIS IS CABLE FIVE POINT
TWENTY FOUR DAN THREE OTHER
MEANS USE AND NOT RESIDENTIAL
AND SPECIAL PURPOSE DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS REQUIRE A
MAXIMUM EIGHTEEN POINT FIVE FOR
ALL KINDS OF BUILDINGS LESS
THAN FORTY FIVE EVEN HEIGHT.
THE SIGNS ARE TO BE INVITED TO
SIGN IS TO BE INSTALLED.
CURTIS SUBMITTED PLANS SUPPORT
NEW YES THEY HAVE ALREADY DONE
THIS.
YES.
OK YES I ALSO GOT THEM.
THE REQUEST WAS DENIED.
MOVING ON IF YOU WANT THE
PREVIOUS PETITION THE
GENTLEMAN'S ON THE PHONE NOW WE
MOVE IT OK I'M SORRY ALL
PETITIONS.
EIGHTY EIGHT TWENTY FIVE AT
ZERO ZERO SIX ONE FIVE ZIBA TWO
FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO SEVEN
FIFTEEN THIRTY SEVEN PACKARD
STREET DAVID LEWIS REPRESENTING
PROPERTY OWNER IS REQUESTING
RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE POINT
THREE TO POINT TO ALTERATION TO
A NON CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
RENOVATE AN EXISTING BASEMENT.
THE RENOVATION WILL INCLUDE A
RECREATION ROOM, BATHROOM AND
LAUNDRY AREA FOR EACH UNIT
OF THE DUPLEX.
THE PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION DOES
NOT INCLUDE NEW BEDROOMS OR
KITCHENS.
THE PROPERTY IS ZONED AFTER C
MULTIPLE FAILING MULTIPLE
FAMILY DWELLING DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTIES LOCATED
AT THE CORNER OF PACARD STREET
AND MORTON AVENUE IN THE BERN'S
PARK NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE HOME WAS BUILT IN NINETEEN
TWENTY FIVE AND IS
APPROXIMATELY THIRTY TWO
HUNDRED SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE HOME IS CURRENTLY CERTIFIED
AS A SHORT TERM RENTAL DUPLEX.
EACH UNIT HAS SIX BEDROOMS.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS
NONCONFORMING FOR THE REQUIRED
AVERAGE FRONT STEP BACK ALONG
THE MORTON AVENUE SIDE OF THE
PROPERTY THE REQUIRED AVERAGE
FRONT STEP BACK IS THIRTY FEET
ONE INCH IN THE FRONT OF THE
RESIDENCE IS TWENTY FEET SIX
INCHES FROM THE OUTLINE THE
NEWLY PROPOSED HABITABLE SPACE
IN THE BASEMENT REQUIRES ZIBA
APPROVAL.
>> HERE'S A ZONING MAP
DETAILING SUBJECT PROPERTY AREA
LOCATION
AND AERIAL AREA
OF CHAKRAVARTY SURVEY SITE BY
CASE PLAN FOR EXPERT PLAN WHICH
IS RIGHT THROUGH BATHROOM AND
LAUNDRY AREA FOR EACH UNIT
SEPARATED BY ANY PROFESSIONAL
STAFF PROVIDED PHOTOS BECAUSE
THE ADJACENT PROPERTY TO THE
NORTH NORTHWEST
ADJACENT
PROPERTY ON MORTON AVENUE AND
FROM THE REAR OF THE PROPERTY
SUCH AS MR.
SO THIS THIS IS ONE
THAT ONE IS NOT INTRODUCING ANY
NEW ADVANTAGES.
RIGHT?
SO THIS IS ONE SHOULD THE
PROCESS GO THROUGH YOU WOULD
NOT SEE THE FUTURE?
I BELIEVE THAT'S CORRECT.
I WOULD APPRECIATE JOHN'S
CONFIRMATION AS WELL.
WHAT WAS THE OH YES.
THAT THE MONEY WILL BE ABLE
SEVEN PERCENT PEOPLE ONE PERSON
THAT THAT IS WITH THAT TO
ADHERE TO THAT FIRST PLEASE
COME FORWARD TO BEGIN WITH.
>> GOOD EVENING.
MY NAME IS DAVID LEWIS.
I AM THE ARCHITECT FOR THE
PROJECT.
I THINK CHARLIE
COVERED EVERYTHING.
IT'S PRETTY SIMPLE JOB OR JUST
FIXING UP THE BASEMENT OF THE
EXISTING DUPLEX IS JUST, YOU
KNOW, LOOKING FOR PERMISSION TO
ALTERNATE CONFORMING STRUCTURE
IF THIS BUILDING HAVING BUILT
TEN FEET FURTHER AWAY FROM
WHARTON WE NEED TO BE HERE AND
AS AS HE MENTIONED, WE'RE JUST
BASICALLY ADDING A BATHROOM IN
EACH UNIT AND I WANT YOUR
CLOSET AND I RECOMMEND ANY
QUESTIONS FOR ME
.
IS ANYONE ELSE JUST TO SEE JUST
IT'S BEING RENOVATED.
I
EVEN GRYNER GO AHEAD AND
SPEAK.
>> HI MY NAME IS DAVID GRYNER
AND THE PROPERTY OWNER AND
MANAGER AND I'M LOOKING FORWARD
TO THIS PROJECT AND I'M HAPPY
TO ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE FOR ME
, ALAN, BUT
TO GO AHEAD AND SPEAK SPEAK I
DON'T I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING TO
SAY ON THIS PROJECT
.
>> I'M SEEING NOBODY ELSE.
>> CORRESPONDENT SO THAT IS
I
JUST WANTED THAT I WANT THIS
PROPERTY THIS MORNING AND IT IS
A REALLY NICE PROPERTY AND IT'S
ONE OF THOSE ONES THAT ARE KIND
OF FAR BACK AND AND UH IS A LOT
OF THE THINGS THAT WE GO ON THE
SOAPBOX OUR CURRENT WHICH IS A
LITTLE WEIRD SOMETIMES BECAUSE
PEOPLE THINK THAT PROPERTY
SHOULD BE CLOSE TO BARACK OBAMA
IS PUSHING THE PROPERTY FARTHER
BACK AND I I'M HAPPY TO SUPPORT
THIS PROJECT WITH THE HOUSE AND
MAKING IT AND I KNOW TO THIS
DAY I'M GOING TO VOTE FOR IT IF
THERE'S NO INCREASE IN 1940
IT'S VERY POSSIBLE
REHABILITATION BASED IN THE
AREA AND I DON'T SEE ANY REASON
OR ANY REASON AT ALL OPERATION
IS HAVING EMOTIONAL PROBLEMS
AND ZBORNAK TWENTY FIVE YES
ZERO ZERO ZERO SEVEN FIFTEEN
THIRTY SEVEN PACKARD STREET
OPERATION CORPORATE RESTRUCTURE
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FOR
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO OPERATIONS THE AND
STRUCTURE TO ALLOW NEW CAPITAL
SPACE IN THE BASEMENT
OF NONPERFORMING GOOD PRODUCTS
WE OPERATIONAL THE RECREATION
ROOM, BATHROOM AND LAUNDRY AREA
FOR EACH UNIT OF THE NEW CARS
THAT PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION DOES
NOT INCLUDE ADDITION TO THAT
THE ADDITION HAS TO BE BUILT
COURTESY OF OUR AFFILIATE DENHA
OR THEY ARE.
YES YES AND YES I ALSO YES.
YES YES.
REQUEST IS OUR MAYOR DE BLASIO
AND I SURE CUFI YOUR WORK HERE
MORE YOUR AGENCY AT TWENTY ONE
OH THREE PROBABLY UNDER FOUR
HOURS INC REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY OWNERS SEEKING A SEVEN
FOOT FIVE INCH VARIES FROM YOUR
REQUIRED REPORT.
HERE ARE SOME OF THE PROPOSED
CONSTRUCTION INCLUDES THE
DEMOLITION COMPANY, EXISTING
SCREEN PORCH AND NEW
CONSTRUCTION OF APPROXIMATELY
ONE HUNDRED POINT THREE SQUARE
BLOCKS.
GREAT PORCH AND PROPERTIES
OF OUR WOULD BE SINGLE FAMILY
DWELLINGS DISTRICT HISTORIC
PROPERTY MARKET ON THE NORTH
SIDE OF THE ARGUMENT BETWEEN
WHAT SIDE ROAD AND ROCK AND IN
THE GARDEN PARK NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE HOUSE WAS BUILT IN 1953
ABOUT TWENTY ONE THOUSAND FOUR
HUNDRED FORTY EIGHT SQUARE FEET
IN SIZE.
THE HOME IS A NON PERFORMING
LOT OF OUR HOME DISTRICT
MONOCYTOGENES TEN THOUSAND
SQUARE FEET AND THE ACTUAL SIZE
IS NINE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED
EIGHTY THREE SQUARE FEET
ACCORDING TO THE SUN PROPERTY
IS AT VARIOUS THROUGH 123
SQUARE ST GEORGE AND BUILD A
NEW ONE HUNDRED FORTY THREE
SQUARE FOOT SUPREME COURT IN
THE SAME LOCATION.
THE NEW ADDITIONS WILL BE
CONSTRUCTED IN THE REAR YARD
THIRTY TWO FEET AND SEVEN
INCHES FROM THE LAND.
THE PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION
REQUIRES A VARIANCE FROM THE
CITY AND HERE IS A ZONING
HIGHLIGHTING THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY LOCATION AREA AND A
ZOOMED IN AREA EXISTING STRIP
PORCH ON THE NORTH SIDE OF THE
STRUCTURE HERE IS APPLICATIVE
SOMATICS SURVEY AND ELEVATIONS
NEW FROM THE FRONT OF THE HOME
USE THE EXISTING GRANITE MARSH
AND A DOWN FACING THE REAR
OF THE PROPERTY WHERE EXISTING
DEDICATED BUFFER WAS
THAT'S.
THANK YOU FOR STANDING
RIGHT
THE PETITIONERS HERE PLEASE
COME FORWARD AND SAY ANYTHING.
GO HI.
GOOD EVENING.
MY NAME IS DAVE SILVERMAN.
I'M REPRESENTING BOTH TERRA
FIRMA AND HOMEOWNERS SELLING
DELONAS AND HER PARTNER AND
WE'RE ASKING TO BASICALLY
REBUILD THE EXISTING SCREEN
STRUCTURE WHICH I THINK WAS
BUILT IN THE EARLY WE WENT BACK
AS FAR AS WE COULD.
IT'S PROBABLY BUILT IN THE
EARLY SIXTIES OR BEFORE AND IT
NEEDS TO BE REBUILT.
BOTH HOMEOWNERS ON EITHER SIDE
OF THE PROPERTY OF APPROVED
THAT I THINK YOU HAVE THAT
INFORMATION AND WE'RE USING
OBVIOUSLY WE'RE REBUILDING IT
WHICH IS A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE IN THE SAME FOOTPRINT
AS IT IS NOW.
THE
RIGHT THING
OR THIS
ARRANGEMENT
ACTUALLY WE WERE
NOT ABLE TO HEAR ANY OF THE
PRESENTATION SO WE'RE NOT
CERTAIN WHAT WE SAID ARE WE?
>> WE'VE BEEN ON THE PHONE BUT
WE DIDN'T HAVE ANY AUDIO.
WELL, IF YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO
SAY RIGHT NOW I GUESS I I
WASN'T ABLE TO HEAR WHAT WAS
PRESENTED BUT ARE WE WE'RE
HOPING TO MAKE AN ADJUSTMENT TO
OUR EXISTING STRUCTURE TO MAKE
SURE THAT WE CAN MAINTAIN IT
AND HAVE SOME ISSUES WITH THE
WITH THE ROOF NEEDING REPAIRS.
>> SO I GUESS THAT'S OUR
REQUEST TO YOU GUYS.
THANKS FOR HEARING OUR PETITION
.
THANK YOU.
AND ASK TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION.
I WILL NOTE WE DID RECEIVE
LETTER OF SUPPORT FROM MARY
JANE JORDAN WHO IS AT TWENTY
ONE TWENTY SEVEN WALLINGFORD.
I THINK THAT'S THE ONLY LETTER
WE RECEIVED ANY OTHER CALLERS
AT THIS TIME.
RIGHT WITH THE PUBLIC HEARING
IS CLOSED AND WE'RE IN
DISCUSSION THAT THIS IS AN EASY
ONE FOR ME.
>> THEY ARE SIMPLY REPLACING
WHAT IS THERE AND UPDATING IT
AND BUILDING IT OBVIOUSLY TO
THE NEW BUILDING STANDARDS AND
THAT'S GREAT.
ANY OTHER DISCUSSION?
>> I'M READY FOR A MOTION.
I'M READY TO MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU, DAVE ZIBA.
>> TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO
EIGHT TWENTY ONE OF THREE
KATHLEEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL OF THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS ARE
VARIANTS OF SEVEN FOOT FIVE
INCH VARIANCE AND GRANTS.
IT VARIES SEVENTEEN POINT FIVE
INCHES FROM TABLE FIVE POINT
SEVENTEEN DASH ONE SEVEN.
I'M SORRY I WANT TO REDO THIS
THIS I HAD THIS RESOLUTION PUT
IN FRONT OF ME AND IT'S NOT
REALLY GRAMMATICALLY CORRECT SO
GIVE ME A SECOND INSTEAD
OF JUST TAKE A LOOK AT IT AND
CHECK
OK, I MADE A SIMPLE
CHANGE THE ZONING BOARD.
OK, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS AT
VARIANCE OF SEVEN FEET FIVE
INCHES FROM REQUIREMENTS IN
TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN ONE
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
DISTRICT A 40 FOOT REAR YARD
SETBACK IS REQUIRED AND I WANT
TO BE FOR SINGLE FAMILY
RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT VARIANCE
WILL ALLOW CONSTRUCTION OF THE
NEW 123 SQUARE FOOT SCREEN
PORCH FOR THE REAR OF THE
EXISTING NONCONFORMING
RESIDENCE THE EXISTING
NONPERFORMANCE REINFORCED WILL
BE DEMOLISHED AND REPLACED WITH
THE NEED FOR THE ADDITIONS TO
BE BUILT PURPOSELY MADE
OF GLASS.
THANK YOU DAVE.
WE HAVE A MOTION TO HAVE
SUPPORT.
THANK YOU JULIE.
PATTY.
YES, I ALSO VOTE YES TODD.
YES JULIE DAVE.
YES.
CHRISTINA.
IF THE REQUEST IS GRANTED
MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBA 25
DACHSIE ZERO ZERO NINE SEVEN
ONE SEVEN ARBER ST. CHARLIE TWO
FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO NINE SO
WANT TO STEP IN OUR HISTORY
RAUFI REPRESENTING PROPERTY
OWNER IS REQUESTING RELIEF FROM
SUCH FIVE POINT THREE TO POINT
TO ALTERATION TO A ON CORPORATE
STRUCTURE TO RENOVATE AN
EXISTING TWO UNIT SEVEN
APARTMENT BUILDING.
THE PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION
ALLOWED YOU HAVE A LITTLE SPACE
IN THE BASEMENT TO DO
CONSTRUCTION WILL CREATE TWO
SIX BETTER APARTMENTS.
THE PROPERTY IS NOT PERFORMING
FOR PROFIT AREA AND SAID THAT
THE PROPERTIES OF OUR POLICY ON
THE FAMILY BOND AND THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY IS LOCATED ON THE
NORTH SIDE OF THE STREET
BETWEEN SOUTH STATE THREE
OF THE AFTERNOON AND THE FIRST
PART OF THE BUILDING WAS
ERECTED AND CONTENT IS
APPROXIMATELY ONE THOUSAND FOUR
HUNDRED FIFTY SQUARE FEET IN
SIZE.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS
IMPORTANT FOR A LOT OF AREA TWO
THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED FORTY
SQUARE FEET WITH THIRTY TWO
FEET INSIDE.
INTERIOR SAID THAT THE OWNERS
ARE PROPOSING NEW ADDITIONS TO
EACH FOR THE BASEMENT
CONSTRUCTION INCLUDED ADDING
THREE BEDROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS,
REMOVING THE FIRST FLOOR
CONSTRUCTION INCLUDES TWO
BATHROOMS ONE BEDROOM.
THE SECOND FLOOR CONSTRUCTION
WILL HAVE TO DO BATHROOMS IN
THE KITCHEN.
THE THIRD FLOOR CONSTRUCTION
WILL INCLUDE TWO BEDROOMS AND
BATHROOMS AND CONSTRUCTION
REQUIRES ALTERATION APPROVAL
FROM USING THE
ZONING MAP
HIGHLIGHTING THE SOUTHERN
PROPERTY LOCATION AREA.
THEN HERE IS THE APPLICATION
SURVEY SITE PLAN THE TOP
OF THIS SHEET THE HOUSE IS IS
THE NEW WORK.
THIS WILL BE SQUARING OFF THE
BUILDING WITH THE STRUCTURE THE
NEW FIRST WORK LANDS ON THE
BOTTOM OF THE SCREEN WHICH
INCLUDES TWO BATHROOMS AND ONE
BEDROOM.
HERE IS THE SECOND FLOOR PLANS
WHICH INCLUDES ADDING TO THE
BATHROOMS AND KITCHEN THIRD
QUARTER PLANS INCLUDE TWO
BEDROOMS AND OFFERS AND THE NEW
BASEMENT WHICH IS BECOMING
HABITABLE WHICH INCLUDES THREE
BEDROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS AS WELL
AS REMOVING A KITCHEN.
HERE ARE THE PROVISIONS FOR
AGAIN WE BE SQUARING OFF THIS
THIS STRUCTURE SO FULL
CONSTRUCTION THIS
EXCUSE ME HOW
SCREEN IS WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO
DO
FOR
?
I THEN KICKED OFF THIS SHOW SO
WE'RE GOING TO COME ON YOU I
YOU KNOW
IS
GOING TO EXCUSE
WE'RE BACK
, OK?
OH WAIT FOR THE DELAY
.
>> SO AS I WAS SAYING EARLIER,
HE SAID ALLEGATIONS THIS IS
GOING TO BE ANOTHER INSTRUCTION
TO SQUARE OFF THIS STRUCTURE
AND
HERE THE STAFF PROVIDED THE
PHOTOS FROM THE FRONT JASON
ROBERI AND OTHER ADJACENT
PROPERTY JUST TAKE IT FROM THE
REAR FACING THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY JUST KICK IN FROM THE
REAR FACING THE SLIDING
PROPERTY AND PHOTO FROM THE
REAR OF THESE OTHER PROPERTY
AND THAT'S OK.
THANK YOU, CHARLIE.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR MR. ALL?
>> ALL RIGHT.
IF THE PETITIONERS HERE PLEASE
COME FORWARD, SIGN IN STATE
YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD YOU
WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
>> HI.
MY NAME IS ROBERT FOWLER.
I'M REPRESENTING THE OWNER
OF SO YES WE WANT TO SQUARE OFF
THE BUILDING, KEEP IT WITHIN
EXISTING FOOTPRINT, FINISH THE
BASEMENT ALL THE WAY UP TO THE
THIRD FLOOR SO THE ENTIRE
BUILDING WILL BE UPDATED NEW
WINDOWS SIDING BUT UP TO
CODE IT'S IN A SURROUNDED BY
STUDENT HOUSES.
SO THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE ANY
EFFECT ON THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
I'M NOT GOING TO LOSE ANY
PARKING SPACES BUT THERE'S NOT
MUCH THERE.
BUT THE OWNER OWNS THREE
BUILDINGS UP ON OAKLAND AT THE
END OF THE STREET, HUGE PARKING
SPOTS SO THE OVERFLOW CAN CAN
GO THERE.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE.
>> THANK YOU.
QUESTIONS FOR THE PETITION.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION.
PLEASE COME FORWARD IF YOU'RE
WITH US IN PERSON OR IF
ACCESSING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
STAR NO USE THE RECIPIENT
BUTTON.
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS.
THANK YOU JOHN.
I DO NOT BELIEVE WE RECEIVED
ANY CORRESPONDENCE ON THIS
PETITION.
SO WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING
IS CLOSED AND WE'RE IN
DISCUSSION.
>> IT'S ALWAYS NICE TO SEE
THESE OLD BUILDINGS BROUGHT UP
AND OF COURSE THEY'RE MEETING
THE REQUIREMENTS FOR NEW
HOUSING PARTICULARLY NEAR
CAMPUS.
I THINK THIS IS GREAT.
I'LL BE VOTING FOR ANOTHER
DISCUSSION.
WE READY FOR MOTION?
I JUST GOT A PROBLEM.
YES, GO AHEAD.
I'VE GOT A LOT OF DIFFICULTY.
I KNOW THE CITY IS BEING IS
PARKING REQUIREMENTS AND THEY
BELIEVE THAT ALL THE STUDENTS
ARE GOING TO START USING THEIR
BICYCLE TO NOT YOU KNOW, ARE I
DO APPRECIATE THAT THE OWNER
OF THIS BUILDING HAS BEEN
AVAILABLE NEARBY THAT OTHER
STRUCTURES.
BUT WHEN YOU'RE GOING FROM
SEVEN BEDROOMS AND FIVE
BEDROOMS AND I THINK THAT IT'S
NOT GOING TO HAVE ANY IMPACT ON
PARKING AVAILABILITY OF STREET
PARKING, YOU KNOW, IT WOULD BE
I THINK YOU'RE LIVING IN A
FICTIONAL WORLD BUT THE CITY IN
ITS INFINITE WISDOM HAS LAID
GROUNDWORK FOR THIS TO CONTINUE
HAPPENING AND I SEE NO REASON
TO VOTE AGAINST US WILL BE
BUILDING AND ONCE AGAIN I DO I
RESPECT HOLDER'S ACKNOWLEDGMENT
THAT NEW VETERANS ARE GOING TO
INCREASE THE DEMAND FOR
APARTMENTS SO THERE IS THAT
ACKNOWLEDGING AND I APPRECIATE
THAT COMING FROM THE AUTHOR
JUST OFF THE RECORD I WILL VOTE
.
THANK YOU.
ANY COMMENTS?
I THINK WE'RE READY FOR A
MOTION.
WE'VE GOT A MOTION FROM PLEASE
STATE BECAUSE WE DO IT QUICK,
OK?
SURE
LOOKS GOOD RIGHT ZIBA
TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO NINE
717 OUR STREET OPERATION.
YOU ARE NOT PARKING STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TO OPERATION NOT FORMING
STRUCTURE TO RENOVATE AN
EXISTING TWO UNITS SEVEN
BEDROOM APARTMENT BUILDING.
THE PROPOSED CONSTRUCTION OF A
LOT OF NEW HABITABLE SPACE IN
THE BASEMENT.
THE NEW CONSTRUCTION WILL
CREATE TWO SIX BEDROOM
APARTMENTS.
THE PROPERTY IS NOT APARTMENT
FOR A LOT OF THE AREA AND
SETBACKS IN ADDITION IS TO BE
BUILT IN PERSON AND PLACE.
THANK DAVE.
WE HAVE A MOTION.
WE HAVE SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRISTINA.
CHRISTINA YES OK.
YES I ALSO VOTE YES.
YES JULIE YES.
DAVID RIVERA.
YES.
THAT REQUEST IS GRANTED.
MOVING ON MOVING BACK TO
PETITION ZUBIA TWENTY FIVE DASH
ZERO ZERO ZERO TWO TWO NINE ONE
FIVE BOARDWALK DRIVE IF THE
PETITIONER IS AVAILABLE NOW TO
GIVE THEIR PRESENTATION THEY
WILL HAVE FIVE MINUTES
WILL
JOHNSON CARROMERO CAN YOU HEAR
ME?
YES YES WE CAN HEAR YOU.
THANK YOU.
ALL OF THIS WILL DRIVE THROUGH
ADJUSTMENTS COMPANY APPRECIATE
YOU GUYS ARE MOVING ME TO THE
END HERE.
I'VE GOT A HECK OF A TIME
GETTING LOGGED IN SO APPRECIATE
THAT WE ARE HERE TODAY TO
ULTIMATELY ACROSS A VARIANCE
FOR THE HEIGHT OF THE SCIENCE
HERE AT GRANGER AND OUR CLIENT
IS UPDATING THEIR BRANDING AND
THEY ARE LOOKING TO UPDATE
THEIR SIGNAGE AS A THEIR BRAND
ACROSS THE COUNTRY AND
ULTIMATELY WHAT WHAT THEY'RE
ASKING FOR IS REALLY BE ABLE TO
MAINTAIN THE SIGNAGE THAT THEY
HAVE AND BE ABLE TO KEEP AND
MAINTAIN THE SAME HEIGHT THAT
THEIR CURRENT TIME ON THEIR
BUILDING.
>> AND YOU KNOW, THE ONLY OTHER
THING THAT I WOULD WOULD ADD TO
THAT IS JUST DUE TO NOT ONLY BE
ABLE TO KEEP AND MAINTAIN WHAT
THEY CURRENTLY HAVE AND THE
SECOND SECONDARY PART TO THIS
WOULD BE IF THE IF THAT THE
ACTUAL TRAVELING DOWN
EISENHAUER AND JUST THE
VEGETATION THAT COMES ALONG
EISENHAUER MAINTAINED THE
HEIGHT OF THESE SIGNS.
I DON'T THINK IT HURTS THE
INTENT OF THE ORDINANCE AND I
FEEL LIKE IT'S A REASONABLE
REQUEST OF THE CLIENT.
SO HAPPY TO ANSWER ANY
QUESTIONS THAT YOU GUYS HAVE.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
>> SO SIR, JUST TO BE CLEAR, I
REALIZE I'M PROBABLY ASKING YOU
TO REPEAT YOURSELF BUT THE SIGN
THAT GRANGER CURRENTLY HAVE IS
READABLE AND GOOD CONDITION.
YOU JUST HAVE A MANDATE FROM
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS TO
UPDATE THE LETTER.
IS THAT CORRECT?
MR. JOHN?
CAN YOU HEAR MR. ROY CAN YOU
GUYS HEAR ME?
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
CAN HE HEAR YOU?
JOHN AND WILL JUMP IN YOUR
ROOM?
YES.
NO, I CAN HEAR THE QUESTION.
NO, I DID NOT I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
CAN'T YOU CAN YOU HEAR ME
TALKING BESIDE YOU?
>> CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW SIR?
YES I BELIEVE BUT I'LL TRY TO
WORK OK.
>> MY UNDERSTANDING IS THE
CURRENT GRANGER SCIENCE
DEPARTMENT JUST FINE BUT
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS WANTS TO
UPDATE THE LETTER.
SORRY SIR I DON'T KNOW.
WELL I WITHDRAW MY QUESTION.
THIS IS JUST REALLY ARE SURE
AND GOING YOU SAY YES THANK YOU
.
I GUESS I AM DAVE.
YES AND I HAVE TO SPEAK OUT
OF YOUR MICROPHONE DR. WELL CAN
YOU HEAR ME?
>> I'M SORRY IF YOU GUYS ARE
TALKING I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
>> CAN YOU HEAR ME?
HEAR ME?
YES I CAN HEAR OK OK I JUST
CAME DOWN TO JOHN'S MICROPHONE
.
WE HAD AN EARLIER OR MORE
SIGNED ORDER TALKING
EXPERIENCE.
EXACTLY.
>> YES.
WHAT >> CAN
YOU HEAR US THOUGH.
>> YEAH I CAN HEAR YOU OK SO IT
WAS JUST LIKE THIS THERE SPACE
UNDERNEATH WHERE YOU'RE
PROPOSING TO PUT THIS WHERE YOU
COULD COMPLY WITH THE ORDINANCE
AND I WAS WONDERING IF THERE'S
ANY SPECIAL CONSTRAINT THAT
REQUIRES YOU TO NOT DO THAT AND
NEED A VARIANCE.
I BELIEVE THE VISIBILITY FROM
EISENHOWER IS DEFINITELY A
HARDSHIP.
I TRAVEL THE SHOW QUITE A BIT.
THERE'S A LOT OF VEGETATION
ALONG THE ALONG SIDE OF THE
ROAD HERE AND THESE SIGNS ARE
PROPPED UP RIGHT ABOVE WHERE
THE TREES AND VEGETATION ARE
.
>> ARE THERE EXISTING
ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS OR
SOMETHING OF THAT NATURE FOR
THE EXISTING SIGN THAT WILL BE
REUSED FOR THE NEW SIDE WILL?
YEAH, I I THINK I HEARD YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT IT WAS MUFFLED.
>> ARE THERE EXISTING
ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS?
YEAH, THERE ARE I DON'T KNOW
THERE'S EXISTING ELECTRICAL
CONNECTIONS SO THOSE WOULD BE
REUSED FOR THE NEW FOR THE
EXISTING ELECTRICAL CONNECTIONS
TO BE REUSED IN THE NEW
SCIENCE.
>> YES.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
ALL
RIGHT.
>> IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO BE THEY
WOULD BE REUSED.
>> OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, NOW IS YOUR
CHANCE IF YOU'RE HERE IN
PERSON, PLEASE COME FORWARD IF
YOU'RE ACCESSING REMOTELY,
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE OR USE
THE RAISED HAND FEATURE.
WE DID NOT RECEIVE ANY
COMMUNICATIONS THAT I AM AWARE
OF REGARDING THIS PETITION.
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS AT THIS
TIME.
THANK YOU JOHN.
WITH THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE ARE IN DISCUSSION
AND I APOLOGIZE IF THERE'S ANY
GOOD QUESTIONS GOING ON RIGHT
NOW.
I CAN'T HEAR MIGHT HAVE JOHN
ASKED THE QUESTION.
THERE'S NO MORE QUESTIONS.
WELL, I'LL BE OK.
I'LL BE VOTING AGAINST THIS.
THERE'S NO PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY.
THEY HAVE A WORKING SIDE NOW.
IT'S JUST BECAUSE PEOPLE WITH
SOME FARAWAY CITY NEW YORK,
HOUSTON, WHATEVER YOU WANT TO
CHANGE LETTERING ON THE SIDE
AND SO THEY CAN HAVE A NEW SIGN
WITH FANCY LETTERING BUT IT HAS
TO COMPLY WITH THE NEW
ORDINANCE SO IT DOESN'T MEET
CRITERIA AND ONE CRITERIA
CRITERION ONE OR CRITERION TWO
AGAIN, NO PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY
AND IS FOR CRITERION NUMBER
FOUR IS CLEARLY SELF-IMPOSED.
THEY DON'T HAVE A PROBLEM NOW
BUT IF THEY WANT TO FIDDLE WITH
THEIR LETTERING THEY HAVE TO
COMPLY WITH THE NEW ORDINANCE.
I'LL BE VOTING NO.
I THINK I'M INCLINED TO SUPPORT
THIS ONE FOR ME IT DOES MAKE A
DIFFERENCE THAT THERE IS AN
EXISTING SIGN THERE THAT
THEY'RE GOING TO USE THE SAME
HOOKUPS FOR FOR THIS NEW SIGN.
I GUESS I AM SYMPATHETIC TO THE
FACT THAT IT'S A CORPORATE
REBRAND THAT'S BEING PUSHED
DOWN ON THEM.
I DON'T KNOW AS A BUSINESS HOW
MUCH ABILITY THEY HAVE TO SAY
NO TO THAT.
SO I GUESS I'M NOT SURE THAT
IT'S SELF-IMPOSED IF IT'S
SOMETHING THAT'S COMING DOWN
FROM FROM HIGHER CORPORATE
POWER.
AS I SAID, I THINK THE FACT
THAT THIS IS AN EXISTING SIGN
AND THEY'RE ESSENTIALLY PUTTING
THE EXACT SAME SIGN IN THE
EXACT SAME PLACE FOR ME SWINGS
IT INTO THE YES COLUMN.
DAVE.
I SEE I SAY IN THE INTERESTS
OF CONSISTENCY AND TO PREVENT
SOMEBODY WHO WOULD JUST DENIED
FROM SAYING HEY, WE JUST GOT
NINE AND WE HAVE RIGHT HERE
EXACTLY THE SAME SITUATION,
PLENTY OF SPACE FOR THEM TO
COMPLY WITH THE ORDINANCE.
SO I HAVE TO VOTE AGAINST THIS
AND I JUST IF WE'RE GOING TO BE
CONSISTENT WE HAVE TO BE
CONSISTENT FURTHER JUST AS
CORPORATIONS LIKE TO REBRAND
AND CHANGE THEIR TYPEFACE AND
ALL THAT KIND OF THING, WE
CHANGED OUR ORDINANCE, OUR TIME
ORDINANCE SOME YEARS AGO AT
TIMES SOME PEOPLE ARE UPDATING
THEIR SIGNAGE IS THE TIME FOR
THAT SCIENTISTS TO COVER THEIR
COMPLIANCE WITH OUR UPDATED
SCIENCE.
SO THIS IS THE TIME TO DO THAT
.
I'D APPRECIATE IT IF THE
BUSINESS WOULD DO THAT.
I'VE ACTUALLY BOUGHT PRODUCT
THIS PLACE I'VE NEVER HAD
DIFFICULTY FINDING IT.
IT'S A I HAVE TO SAY THAT
YOU'RE IN THE MARKET FOR WHAT
THEY SELL.
THIS IS A GREAT BUSINESS TO GO
THROUGH.
I GET TO VOTE AGAINST THIS
SITE, CHANGE AND SO I'M LOOKING
AT GOOGLE MAPS AND ONE THING I
NOTICE IS THAT THE DESIGN IS
KIND OF FADED AND SIGNED SO
THAT IS SOMETHING THE BRAND
DOESN'T HOLD WELL IN THE SUN.
BUT ALSO THERE ARE EVERGREEN
TREES THAT ARE NOT ON THEIR
PROPERTY THAT ACTUALLY
LITERALLY ARE WHERE THEY WOULD
HAVE THE SIGN IF THEY WERE IN
THE TWENTY FEET BUT KIND OF GO
APART SO YOU CAN ACTUALLY SEE
LIKE THAT JRA WHEN YOU'RE FROM
ACTUALLY RIGHT ON THE CORNER
OF EISENHAUER AND BOARDWALK'S
SO I'M SIMILAR TO THE PREVIOUS
ONE BUT ALSO I THINK THIS ONE
IS EVEN MORE SO AND ALSO DOES
COME DOWN A LITTLE BIT ON
EISENHAUER SO I'M INCLINED TO
SUPPORT THIS.
I DO THINK THAT THERE ARE SOME
PECULIARITIES TO THE PROPERTY
THAT WERE MADE THAT THIS IS A
LITTLE MORE THINK FROM LAST
YEAR THE I THINK IT WAS THE
HILTON HOTEL IN BRIARWOOD
REQUESTED A BIGGER SIGN BECAUSE
SOME CORPORATE MANDATE WE WERE
REDOING THEIR LETTERING AND WE
DENIED THEM.
WE NOTED THAT ONE OF THE OTHER
HOTELS, BRIARWOOD HAS A MUCH
SMALLER SIZE THAN THEY DID AND
WAS NOT GOING TO HAMPER YOUR
BUSINESS.
SO REGARDING CORPORATE MANDATES
,WE ALL KNOW THAT WE DRIVE
VARIOUS PLACES.
MCDONALD ARCHES ARE DIFFERENT
SIZES AND THAT'S BECAUSE IS BIG
POWERFUL MCDONALD'S CORPORATION
HAS TO COMPLY WITH LOCAL
ORDINANCES THAT DICTATE HOW BIG
THEIR GOLDEN ARCHES CAN AND
THAT'S JUST SOMETHING THAT
CORPORATIONS HAVE TO DO
NATIONALLY.
THEY DON'T DICTATE TO THE CITY
OF AJDABIYA WHAT THE SIGNAGE
SHOULD BE.
WE TELL THEM WHAT WE'RE GOING
TO DO.
SO AGAIN I'LL BE VOTING NO ON
THIS JUST LOOKING AT THE
DIMENSIONS THE LENGTH IS
SMALLER AND THE PROPOSED I
THINK IT'S A 16 FEET FOUR AND
THE EXISTING IS TWENTY ONE AND
SOME CHANGE.
SO I'M IN SUPPORT OF THE
PROJECT.
I THINK IT'S APPROPRIATE
CORPORATE UPDATES HAPPEN
FREQUENTLY.
THEY SHOULDN'T BE PENALIZED FOR
IT.
THEY'RE JUST TRYING TO RUN A
BUSINESS.
THEY'RE TRYING TO BE VISIBLE IN
THE COMMUNITY.
I THINK THAT THERE'S AN
IMPEDIMENT COMING DOWN.
EISENHAUER AS HOW JULIE
PRESENTED IT OR TALKED ABOUT IT
SO I'M IN SUPPORT OF THE
PROJECT.
THANKS REALLY?
I THINK SO THERE'S NO OTHER
DISCUSSION.
I THINK WE'RE READY, ZIVA.
TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO TWO
TWO NINE ONE FIVE ONE DRIVE THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS VARIANTS OF NINETY TO
ALLOW TWO ALL KINDS TO BE
INSTALLED AT TWENTY NINE TABLE
FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR DANBURY
TRAFFICABLE AGAIN CONVOLUTING
OR
SITUATIONS THIS AND AND
THAT.
OK, SO LET ME DO THIS AL-SARRAF
ZIBA TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO ZERO
TO TWENTY NINE FIFTEEN POINT
DRIVE THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS FOR VARIOUS PERIODS
OF NINETY FOUR WHILE SIGNS TO
BE INSTALLED IN THE HEIGHT
OF 49 OTHER USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE ZONING DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS REQUIRE A
MAXIMUM HEIGHT TWENTY FEET
COLOSSIANS ON BUILDINGS LESS
THAN FORTY FIVE FEET IN HEIGHT
BESIDES TO BE INSTALLED FOR THE
SECOND PLACE.
THANK YOU DAVE WE HAVE A MOTION
TO HAVE SUPPORT WE THANK YOU
TODD JULIE.
YES DAVE OUR NO CHRISTINA YES
PATTY I ALSO VOTE YES TODD NO.
>> ONE, TWO THREE FOUR.
THE REQUEST IS DENIED MOVING ON
WE HAVE ADDRESSED ALL OF OUR
PUBLIC HEARING ITEMS.
WE HAVE NO UNFINISHED BUSINESS
.
NEW BUSINESS REPORTS FROM
COUNCIL DARMA IS NOT HERE.
COMMUNICATIONS I BELIEVE WE
ADDRESSED ALL THE
COMMUNICATIONS THAT WE RECEIVED
WITH THE INDIVIDUAL
APPLICATIONS.
SO WE ARE TO PUBLIC COMMENT IF
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
WHO WISHES TO ADDRESS THE ZIBA
ON ANY OTHER ITEMS, NOW'S YOUR
CHANCE.
PLEASE COME FORWARD IF YOU'RE
IN PERSON OR PRESS STAR NINE OR
USE THE RACE AND FEATURE IF
ACCESSING FAMILY THERE ARE NO
CALLERS AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU JOHN.
I HAVE ONE.
YES DAVE PLEASE.
RIGHT NOW THE ANN ARBOR FILM
FESTIVAL IS GOING ON.
IT'S IN A SIXTY THIRD YEAR AS
THE LONGEST RUNNING NORTH
AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL AT
EXPERIMENTAL FILM FESTIVAL
INTERNATIONALLY ACCLAIMED AND
IT RUNS THROUGH SUNDAY WHEN
WETTERSTEDT WILL APPEAR AS A
SPECIAL TREAT FOR MY COLLEAGUES
ON ZIBA.
I AM OFFERING EACH OF THEM A
TICKET THAT I PREPAID FOR OR
TWO TICKETS IF YOU LIKE AND I
HAVE THE PROGRAM SO YOU COULD
TAKE LOOK AT THE PROGRAMS FOR
THOSE OF YOU THAT ARE MY AGE
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER THE BAND
DEVO AND THERE IS A NEW
DOCUMENTARY THAT WILL BE
SHOWING LATER THIS WEEK AT THE
FESTIVAL AND RIGHT NOW WE'RE
MISSING RESTOR DEVO MUSIC
VIDEOS WHICH YOU'RE SHOWING
RIGHT NOW IN THE MICHIGAN
THEATER AND WE'RE MISSING THEM.
BUT TWO OF THE MEMBERS OF DEVO
ARE HERE HEARTINESS FESTIVAL
AND THAT'S JUST A SPECIAL
PRESENTATION OF FILMS
COMPETITION AND I OFFER ANY
OF MY COLLEAGUES YOUR TWO
TICKETS TO THE FESTIVAL.
THANK YOU.
DAY FOR ONE PROGRAM.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS DO YOU HAVE
A MOTION TO ADJOURN?
SO THANK YOU DAVE.
SUPPORT AND I SAID ALL RIGHT,
EVERYONE SUPPORTS OUR PRAYERS
AT MY POST.
WE'RE ADJOURNED.
THANK EVERYONE.
>> SO USUALLY TWO PEOPLE